This WebVTT acid test will verify rendering and parsing compatibility with the WebVTT standard.
Test 1: Unicode Support
ÀÁÂÃĀĂȦÄẢÅǍȀȂĄẠḀẦẤẪẨẰẮẴẲǠǞǺẬẶÆǼǢ
East Asian Characters: だらり帯の結び方
Test 2: WebVTT Timestamp Support
This text should appear word by word
with second intervals.
This text should appear with tenth of a second intervals.
This text should appear with 100th of a second intervals.
This text should appear with 1000th of a second intervals.
Test 3: WebVTT Formatting spans
This text should be bold
This text should be italic
This text should be underlined
Test 4: WebVTT Ruby spans
私わたしたち
Test 4: Ignoring malformed cues
This text is from a malformed cue. It should not be processed.
# 15
# This text is from a malformed cue. It should not be processed.
Test 5: Cue alignment
This cue should be aligned to the start position.
This cue should be aligned to the end position.
This cue should be aligned to the middle position.
Test 5.5: Cue alignment with BIDI/RTL text
بداية النص محاذاة
(start)
نهاية النص محاذاة
(end)
محاذاة النص الأوسط
(middle)
Test 6: Line position (percentage)
Line position: 1%
Line position: 2%
Line position: 3%
Line position: 4%
Line position: 5%
Line position: 6%
Line position: 7%
Line position: 8%
Line position: 9%
Line position: 10%
Line position: 11%
Line position: 12%
Line position: 13%
Line position: 14%
Line position: 15%
Line position: 16%
Line position: 17%
Line position: 18%
Line position: 19%
Line position: 20%
Line position: 21%
Line position: 22%
Line position: 23%
Line position: 24%
Line position: 25%
Line position: 26%
Line position: 27%
Line position: 28%
Line position: 29%
Line position: 30%
Line position: 31%
Line position: 32%
Line position: 33%
Line position: 34%
Line position: 35%
Line position: 36%
Line position: 37%
Line position: 38%
Line position: 39%
Line position: 40%
Line position: 41%
Line position: 42%
Line position: 43%
Line position: 44%
Line position: 45%
Line position: 46%
Line position: 47%
Line position: 48%
Line position: 49%
Line position: 50%
Line position: 51%
Line position: 52%
Line position: 53%
Line position: 54%
Line position: 55%
Line position: 56%
Line position: 57%
Line position: 58%
Line position: 59%
Line position: 60%
Line position: 61%
Line position: 62%
Line position: 63%
Line position: 64%
Line position: 65%
Line position: 66%
Line position: 67%
Line position: 68%
Line position: 69%
Line position: 70%
Line position: 71%
Line position: 72%
Line position: 73%
Line position: 74%
Line position: 75%
Line position: 76%
Line position: 77%
Line position: 78%
Line position: 79%
Line position: 80%
Line position: 81%
Line position: 82%
Line position: 83%
Line position: 84%
Line position: 85%
Line position: 86%
Line position: 87%
Line position: 88%
Line position: 89%
Line position: 90%
Line position: 91%
Line position: 92%
Line position: 93%
Line position: 94%
Line position: 95%
Line position: 96%
Line position: 97%
Line position: 98%
Line position: 99%
Line position: 100%
Test 7: Cue size (percentage)
Size: 1%
Size: 2%
Size: 3%
Size: 4%
Size: 5%
Size: 6%
Size: 7%
Size: 8%
Size: 9%
Size: 10%
Size: 11%
Size: 12%
Size: 13%
Size: 14%
Size: 15%
Size: 16%
Size: 17%
Size: 18%
Size: 19%
Size: 20%
Size: 21%
Size: 22%
Size: 23%
Size: 24%
Size: 25%
Size: 26%
Size: 27%
Size: 28%
Size: 29%
Size: 30%
Size: 31%
Size: 32%
Size: 33%
Size: 34%
Size: 35%
Size: 36%
Size: 37%
Size: 38%
Size: 39%
Size: 40%
Size: 41%
Size: 42%
Size: 43%
Size: 44%
Size: 45%
Size: 46%
Size: 47%
Size: 48%
Size: 49%
Size: 50%
Size: 51%
Size: 52%
Size: 53%
Size: 54%
Size: 55%
Size: 56%
Size: 57%
Size: 58%
Size: 59%
Size: 60%
Size: 61%
Size: 62%
Size: 63%
Size: 64%
Size: 65%
Size: 66%
Size: 67%
Size: 68%
Size: 69%
Size: 70%
Size: 71%
Size: 72%
Size: 73%
Size: 74%
Size: 75%
Size: 76%
Size: 77%
Size: 78%
Size: 79%
Size: 80%
Size: 81%
Size: 82%
Size: 83%
Size: 84%
Size: 85%
Size: 86%
Size: 87%
Size: 88%
Size: 89%
Size: 90%
Size: 91%
Size: 92%
Size: 93%
Size: 94%
Size: 95%
Size: 96%
Size: 97%
Size: 98%
Size: 99%
Size: 100%
Test 8: Text position (percentage)
Text Position: 1%
Text Position: 2%
Text Position: 3%
Text Position: 4%
Text Position: 5%
Text Position: 6%
Text Position: 7%
Text Position: 8%
Text Position: 9%
Text Position: 10%
Text Position: 11%
Text Position: 12%
Text Position: 13%
Text Position: 14%
Text Position: 15%
Text Position: 16%
Text Position: 17%
Text Position: 18%
Text Position: 19%
Text Position: 20%
Text Position: 21%
Text Position: 22%
Text Position: 23%
Text Position: 24%
Text Position: 25%
Text Position: 26%
Text Position: 27%
Text Position: 28%
Text Position: 29%
Text Position: 30%
Text Position: 31%
Text Position: 32%
Text Position: 33%
Text Position: 34%
Text Position: 35%
Text Position: 36%
Text Position: 37%
Text Position: 38%
Text Position: 39%
Text Position: 40%
Text Position: 41%
Text Position: 42%
Text Position: 43%
Text Position: 44%
Text Position: 45%
Text Position: 46%
Text Position: 47%
Text Position: 48%
Text Position: 49%
Text Position: 50%
Text Position: 51%
Text Position: 52%
Text Position: 53%
Text Position: 54%
Text Position: 55%
Text Position: 56%
Text Position: 57%
Text Position: 58%
Text Position: 59%
Text Position: 60%
Text Position: 61%
Text Position: 62%
Text Position: 63%
Text Position: 64%
Text Position: 65%
Text Position: 66%
Text Position: 67%
Text Position: 68%
Text Position: 69%
Text Position: 70%
Text Position: 71%
Text Position: 72%
Text Position: 73%
Text Position: 74%
Text Position: 75%
Text Position: 76%
Text Position: 77%
Text Position: 78%
Text Position: 79%
Text Position: 80%
Text Position: 81%
Text Position: 82%
Text Position: 83%
Text Position: 84%
Text Position: 85%
Text Position: 86%
Text Position: 87%
Text Position: 88%
Text Position: 89%
Text Position: 90%
Text Position: 91%
Text Position: 92%
Text Position: 93%
Text Position: 94%
Text Position: 95%
Text Position: 96%
Text Position: 97%
Text Position: 98%
Text Position: 99%
Text Position: 100%
Test 9: Text position, size, and line position
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%
7%
8%
9%
10%
11%
12%
13%
14%
15%
16%
17%
18%
19%
20%
21%
22%
23%
24%
25%
26%
27%
28%
29%
30%
31%
32%
33%
34%
35%
36%
37%
38%
39%
40%
41%
42%
43%
44%
45%
46%
47%
48%
49%
50%
51%
52%
53%
54%
55%
56%
57%
58%
59%
60%
61%
62%
63%
64%
65%
66%
67%
68%
69%
70%
71%
72%
73%
74%
75%
76%
77%
78%
79%
80%
81%
82%
83%
84%
85%
86%
87%
88%
89%
90%
91%
92%
93%
94%
95%
96%
97%
98%
99%
100%
Test 10: Vertical and Vertical-LR cue direction
Vertical Cue 一二三四五六七八九十
Vertical-LR Cue 一二三四五六七八九十
Test 11: Vertical cue direction text alignment
A:Start 一二三四五六七八九十
A:Middle 一二三四五六七八九十
Alignment:End 一二三四五六七八九十
Test 12: Vertical-LR cue direction text alignment
A:Start 一二三四五六七八九十
A:Middle 一二三四五六七八九十
Alignment:End 一二三四五六七八九十
Test 13: Vertical cue line position
LPos:1%
LPos:2%
LPos:3%
LPos:4%
LPos:5%
LPos:6%
LPos:7%
LPos:8%
LPos:9%
LPos:10%
LPos:11%
LPos:12%
LPos:13%
LPos:14%
LPos:15%
LPos:16%
LPos:17%
LPos:18%
LPos:19%
LPos:20%
LPos:21%
LPos:22%
LPos:23%
LPos:24%
LPos:25%
LPos:26%
LPos:27%
LPos:28%
LPos:29%
LPos:30%
LPos:31%
LPos:32%
LPos:33%
LPos:34%
LPos:35%
LPos:36%
LPos:37%
LPos:38%
LPos:39%
LPos:40%
LPos:41%
LPos:42%
LPos:43%
LPos:44%
LPos:45%
LPos:46%
LPos:47%
LPos:48%
LPos:49%
LPos:50%
LPos:51%
LPos:52%
LPos:53%
LPos:54%
LPos:55%
LPos:56%
LPos:57%
LPos:58%
LPos:59%
LPos:60%
LPos:61%
LPos:62%
LPos:63%
LPos:64%
LPos:65%
LPos:66%
LPos:67%
LPos:68%
LPos:69%
LPos:70%
LPos:71%
LPos:72%
LPos:73%
LPos:74%
LPos:75%
LPos:76%
LPos:77%
LPos:78%
LPos:79%
LPos:80%
LPos:81%
LPos:82%
LPos:83%
LPos:84%
LPos:85%
LPos:86%
LPos:87%
LPos:88%
LPos:89%
LPos:90%
LPos:91%
LPos:92%
LPos:93%
LPos:94%
LPos:95%
LPos:96%
LPos:97%
LPos:98%
LPos:99%
LPos:100%
Test 14: Vertical-LR cue line position
LPos:1%
LPos:2%
LPos:3%
LPos:4%
LPos:5%
LPos:6%
LPos:7%
LPos:8%
LPos:9%
LPos:10%
LPos:11%
LPos:12%
LPos:13%
LPos:14%
LPos:15%
LPos:16%
LPos:17%
LPos:18%
LPos:19%
LPos:20%
LPos:21%
LPos:22%
LPos:23%
LPos:24%
LPos:25%
LPos:26%
LPos:27%
LPos:28%
LPos:29%
LPos:30%
LPos:31%
LPos:32%
LPos:33%
LPos:34%
LPos:35%
LPos:36%
LPos:37%
LPos:38%
LPos:39%
LPos:40%
LPos:41%
LPos:42%
LPos:43%
LPos:44%
LPos:45%
LPos:46%
LPos:47%
LPos:48%
LPos:49%
LPos:50%
LPos:51%
LPos:52%
LPos:53%
LPos:54%
LPos:55%
LPos:56%
LPos:57%
LPos:58%
LPos:59%
LPos:60%
LPos:61%
LPos:62%
LPos:63%
LPos:64%
LPos:65%
LPos:66%
LPos:67%
LPos:68%
LPos:69%
LPos:70%
LPos:71%
LPos:72%
LPos:73%
LPos:74%
LPos:75%
LPos:76%
LPos:77%
LPos:78%
LPos:79%
LPos:80%
LPos:81%
LPos:82%
LPos:83%
LPos:84%
LPos:85%
LPos:86%
LPos:87%
LPos:88%
LPos:89%
LPos:90%
LPos:91%
LPos:92%
LPos:93%
LPos:94%
LPos:95%
LPos:96%
LPos:97%
LPos:98%
LPos:99%
LPos:100%
Test 15: Vertical cue size
S:1%
S:2%
S:3%
S:4%
S:5%
S:6%
S:7%
S:8%
S:9%
S:10%
S:11%
S:12%
S:13%
S:14%
S:15%
S:16%
S:17%
S:18%
S:19%
S:20%
S:21%
S:22%
S:23%
S:24%
S:25%
S:26%
S:27%
S:28%
S:29%
S:30%
S:31%
S:32%
S:33%
S:34%
S:35%
S:36%
S:37%
S:38%
S:39%
S:40%
S:41%
S:42%
S:43%
S:44%
S:45%
S:46%
S:47%
S:48%
S:49%
S:50%
S:51%
S:52%
S:53%
S:54%
S:55%
S:56%
S:57%
S:58%
S:59%
S:60%
S:61%
S:62%
S:63%
S:64%
S:65%
S:66%
S:67%
S:68%
S:69%
S:70%
S:71%
S:72%
S:73%
S:74%
S:75%
S:76%
S:77%
S:78%
S:79%
S:80%
S:81%
S:82%
S:83%
S:84%
S:85%
S:86%
S:87%
S:88%
S:89%
S:90%
S:91%
S:92%
S:93%
S:94%
S:95%
S:96%
S:97%
S:98%
S:99%
S:100%
Test 15: Vertical-LR cue size
S:1%
S:2%
S:3%
S:4%
S:5%
S:6%
S:7%
S:8%
S:9%
S:10%
S:11%
S:12%
S:13%
S:14%
S:15%
S:16%
S:17%
S:18%
S:19%
S:20%
S:21%
S:22%
S:23%
S:24%
S:25%
S:26%
S:27%
S:28%
S:29%
S:30%
S:31%
S:32%
S:33%
S:34%
S:35%
S:36%
S:37%
S:38%
S:39%
S:40%
S:41%
S:42%
S:43%
S:44%
S:45%
S:46%
S:47%
S:48%
S:49%
S:50%
S:51%
S:52%
S:53%
S:54%
S:55%
S:56%
S:57%
S:58%
S:59%
S:60%
S:61%
S:62%
S:63%
S:64%
S:65%
S:66%
S:67%
S:68%
S:69%
S:70%
S:71%
S:72%
S:73%
S:74%
S:75%
S:76%
S:77%
S:78%
S:79%
S:80%
S:81%
S:82%
S:83%
S:84%
S:85%
S:86%
S:87%
S:88%
S:89%
S:90%
S:91%
S:92%
S:93%
S:94%
S:95%
S:96%
S:97%
S:98%
S:99%
S:100%
Test 16: Vertical text position
T:1%
T:2%
T:3%
T:4%
T:5%
T:6%
T:7%
T:8%
T:9%
T:10%
T:11%
T:12%
T:13%
T:14%
T:15%
T:16%
T:17%
T:18%
T:19%
T:20%
T:21%
T:22%
T:23%
T:24%
T:25%
T:26%
T:27%
T:28%
T:29%
T:30%
T:31%
T:32%
T:33%
T:34%
T:35%
T:36%
T:37%
T:38%
T:39%
T:40%
T:41%
T:42%
T:43%
T:44%
T:45%
T:46%
T:47%
T:48%
T:49%
T:50%
T:51%
T:52%
T:53%
T:54%
T:55%
T:56%
T:57%
T:58%
T:59%
T:60%
T:61%
T:62%
T:63%
T:64%
T:65%
T:66%
T:67%
T:68%
T:69%
T:70%
T:71%
T:72%
T:73%
T:74%
T:75%
T:76%
T:77%
T:78%
T:79%
T:80%
T:81%
T:82%
T:83%
T:84%
T:85%
T:86%
T:87%
T:88%
T:89%
T:90%
T:91%
T:92%
T:93%
T:94%
T:95%
T:96%
T:97%
T:98%
T:99%
T:100%
Test 17: Vertical-LR text position
T:1%
T:2%
T:3%
T:4%
T:5%
T:6%
T:7%
T:8%
T:9%
T:10%
T:11%
T:12%
T:13%
T:14%
T:15%
T:16%
T:17%
T:18%
T:19%
T:20%
T:21%
T:22%
T:23%
T:24%
T:25%
T:26%
T:27%
T:28%
T:29%
T:30%
T:31%
T:32%
T:33%
T:34%
T:35%
T:36%
T:37%
T:38%
T:39%
T:40%
T:41%
T:42%
T:43%
T:44%
T:45%
T:46%
T:47%
T:48%
T:49%
T:50%
T:51%
T:52%
T:53%
T:54%
T:55%
T:56%
T:57%
T:58%
T:59%
T:60%
T:61%
T:62%
T:63%
T:64%
T:65%
T:66%
T:67%
T:68%
T:69%
T:70%
T:71%
T:72%
T:73%
T:74%
T:75%
T:76%
T:77%
T:78%
T:79%
T:80%
T:81%
T:82%
T:83%
T:84%
T:85%
T:86%
T:87%
T:88%
T:89%
T:90%
T:91%
T:92%
T:93%
T:94%
T:95%
T:96%
T:97%
T:98%
T:99%
T:100%
Test 18: Combined Ultimate Test!
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%
7%
8%
9%
10%
11%
12%
13%
14%
15%
16%
17%
18%
19%
20%
21%
22%
23%
24%
25%
26%
27%
28%
29%
30%
31%
32%
33%
34%
35%
36%
37%
38%
39%
40%
41%
42%
43%
44%
45%
46%
47%
48%
49%
50%
51%
52%
53%
54%
55%
56%
57%
58%
59%
60%
61%
62%
63%
64%
65%
66%
67%
68%
69%
70%
71%
72%
73%
74%
75%
76%
77%
78%
79%
80%
81%
82%
83%
84%
85%
86%
87%
88%
89%
90%
91%
92%
93%
94%
95%
96%
97%
98%
99%
100%